c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\CRM.exe.config
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\CRM.exe
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\CRM.pdb
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.g.resources
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.exe
c:\users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.pdb
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\Page1.baml
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\dbERP.mdf
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\dbERP_log.ldf
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\CRM.exe.manifest
C:\Users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Debug\CRM.application
C:\Users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.exe.manifest
C:\Users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.application
C:\Users\i.belonogov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\GitHub\bin\Debug\CRM.exe.config
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\GitHub\obj\Debug\CRM.exe
C:\Users\i.belonogov\Documents\GitHub\obj\Debug\CRM.pdb
